Show me which countries have had a high rate of electricity availability without increasing their per person carbon footprint.
Do the US states with high coal fired power also have high rates of COPD?
Is obesity in America continuing to increase?
Which US states have the highest percentage of uninsured children?
Which Indian States are going to have the highest change in average temperature due to climate change?
Are gender equality and poverty correlated in Africa?
what percentage of the Indian population lives in slums?
In which countries are more women getting college degrees than men?
Which industries are growing the fastest in New Jersey?
Which US states have the highest cancer rates?
How have CO2 emissions changed in France over the last 10 years?
How many US households have individuals over than 65 in them
Which New Jersey schools have the highest student to teacher ratio?
Show me a breakdown of income distribution for Seattle.
Is there a correlation between crime rate and abortion?
What are the record highs and low temperatures in chennai, India?
Graph population density ranking by state
How much wealth does the bottom 80 percent own in following countries: Pakistan, India, china, srilanka, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Taiwan, Vietnam, Philippines, Iran? Present a list in descending order and write down their respective percentage of contribution in tax collection.
What is the percentage of the financial sector in GDP for different countries like the United States and China, based on the latest data?
What is the annual change in inflation from July 2022 to July 2023 in North Carolina?
What was the annual deficit for U.S. Government from FY 2010 to FY 2020?
Which New Jersey cities have the best commute times for workers?
Which US cities have the highest per capita number of starbucks stores?
Which US states have the highest percentage of women in their state legislature?
Which Indian States have the highest rate of diabetic retinopathy?
What is the foreign corporate debt held in US dollar denomination?
Which Indian States have the highest penetration of smart phones?
What is the average number of electronic devices in U.S. households these days?
Can you please show me a graph of expected traffic volume around Atlanta after a Hawks game?
EV sales by state 2023.